In User > Attendance, while using face scanner recognition, can you guide the user or display a message to move close, and also create a progress bar showing almost there or something? Also create a UI pop up notification effect that displays in the screen that the user checked in/out. Make the animation smooth especially when the locked button is clicked, make its notification animation smooth and clean.

In Admin > Contributions, I want the data after getting it it will have an animation that will slide per user, do the same in Admin > Manage too.
Make it smooth.

In Admin > Manage, make the dropdown modals centered. Thanks

In Admin > Contributions, create a smooth slide down effect and exit effect animation whenever I click on the statistics button. Also fix the error that if the event is labeled only for 4th yr or 3rd BSCS or BSIT, then only show that in the display, do not count all students or anything, just focus on it. Thanks.

In Admin > Attendance > Scanner, create a live map tracking (Not in fullscreen mode) to check where am I before continuing to scan users whether eligible to do manage in that area or not same as the face scanner in user > attendance. Do not let it enter if its outside preferences. Thanks.

In Admin > Statistics, why do I need to click refresh button every time I refreshed the web? Please make it to load automatically every time the web refreshes. Add a slide per user animation that display smoothly once the buttons for RFID Verified, RFID Unverified, and RFID Unreadable. Please do so make the changes. With intro and exit animation too, smooth, and clean.

Create a location section in the User sidebar section to know the map of where the live location or preferences is being held, whether there is active or not. Make its UI matches the web sidebar, and make sure that no modal is covering another modal. Add more features need for this on your own. This location section will let user know in which place they need to go for valid facial recognition and also. Make sure to apply this too in Admin > Attendance > Scanner. Thanks so much.

Dont forget to make it mobile responsive too.